<h1>RPI-Authentification-Server</h1>
<p>The authentification server, used for sending SMS to confirm the phone number in app during registration.</p>

<h2>Hardware</h2>
<p>Concept:</p>
<p> The server will receive an HTTP requests for mobile phone confirmation. The request will contain the phone number, that was sent from the app, and the request will be code that is generated by server. The code then will be sent to phone by GSM module.</p>
<p>Implementation:</p>
<p>Raspberry Pi 4 will run a Flask http server, to receive the requests. Then, by using random number generator, it will generate the code. The SMS will be sent by SIM7022 module, it will be configured and controlled by AT commands from Raspberry Pi 4 via UART interface.</p>>
<h3>The server is going to have:</h3>
<li>Raspberry Pi 4</li>
<p>The main processing unit. As soon as it has a wi-fi module, it is possible to run an HTTP server on it. The server will be running python Flask HTTP server. There will be initialised 2 interfaces: UART(for GSM module) and 4 pin SPI(for display)</p>
<li>SIM7022</li>
<p>The module for sending SMS. It was chosen for low power consumption, LTE, 5G and 4G support. The module will be controlled vie UART interface using AT commands.</p>
<li>Battery pack</li>
<p>The 2S connection of Li-Ion 18650 batteries. Used, to make an emergency power supply in case of loose of socket energy</p>
<li>LCD display</li>
<p>For optimization purposes, the Raspberry Pi will have Raspbean installed without graphical UI. So, LCD display to show some data (battery charging level and external power supply existance)</p>
